don't move miss tags get hurt do I know
you I think you do
where are we am ia guest or a prisoner
my choice is yours you're the first
person to come to this valley by
accident stay for one month and at the
end you can choose to stay or go ladies
and gentlemen Taggart transcontinental
Dagny we are on strike this is a strike
our minds will quit all of you did we
had to withdraw but what about what you
left behind unlike you I don't believe
in the banding the site when's the first
time you saw I remember that well you
were standing on the tagger passenger
platform Prashad slipped any further
down you doing standing there naked I
want you here but you could choose to
stay or go as long as i'm alive i will
not desert a battle that is mine to
fight when you need me I'll be the
easiest man in the world fine
millions of people are sick and tired of
the endless wars the poverty that is
coming the attack of our civil liberties
you are aware we are in an emergency
situation we're about to happen in that
millions people have to be sacrificed in
order to save the whole I won't be a
part of this you're not thinking about
going back to that hell are you going to
be riots if I go back it'll be to get
the only thing I want for my stuff
you have to make them think that you
were on their side they need me alive
but they wouldn't think twice about
hurting you to everyone within the range
of my voice this is John Galt speaking
those who have left you are eager to
build a world of freedom no it's the
beginning
you